.\" Manpage for nuseradd.
.\" Contact vivek@nixcraft.net.in to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "10 Sep 2016" "0.3.4" "DynHost Man Page"
.SH NAME
dynhost \- Update DynHost DNS Record on OVH
.SH SYNOPSIS
[--envfile </path/to/.env>] [--type <A|AA>] --zone <DNS Zone> --subdomain <subdomain> [--ipaddress <A.B.C.D>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
dynhost is a client program to update Dynamic DNS Records on OVH using it API calls.
.SH OPTIONS
  --help, -h                       Show help
  --version, -v                    Get the current installed version
  --credentials, --credential, -c  Get the link and consumer key for your app.
                                   See more information in README at:
                                        https://github.com/gtrabanco/dynhost/blob/master/README.md#the-token

  --type, -t                       The DNS record type "A" (default) or "AA" (ipv6)
                                   The program will not check if it is a valid IPv4 or IPv6.
  --zone, -z, --domain, -d         The zone to update (domain)
  --subdomain, -s                  The subdomain of the zone to update
  --envfile, --env, -e             The string path (includeing the file) to the .env
                                   file.
  --ipaddress, --ip        The value of ip address to update it. If not
                                   passed the program will try to get the ip
                                   address from internet. [cadena de caracteres]

.SH EXAMPLES
dynhost --envfile /home/myuser/.env --type A --zone example.com --subdomain homeserver
    - It will take the ip address from internet so if you're throught a NAT server it will update with your public ip address.
.SH BUGS
See https://github.com/gtrabanco/dynhost/issues
.SH AUTHOR
Gabriel Trabanco Llano <gtrabanco@fwok.org> (https://gabi.uno)